Meeting Notes and Agenda
===

Meeting Notes and Agenda: https://hackmd.io/UrryxDk-S16iGsOkW1m-jQ?both

Git Repo: https://github.com/onyiny-ang/chloroplasts

Zoom: https://zoom.us/j/4409978940

## April 22
| Present | Absent |
| ------ | ----------- |
|  | |

## April 15
| Present | Absent |
| ------ | ----------- |
|  | |

## April 8
| Present | Absent |
| ------ | ----------- |
|  | |

## April 1
| Present | Absent |
| ------ | ----------- |
|  | |

## March 25
| Present | Absent |
| ------ | ----------- |
|  | |

## March 18
| Present | Absent |
| ------ | ----------- |
|  | |

## March 11
| Present | Absent |
| ------ | ----------- |
|  | |

## March 4
| Present | Absent |
| ------ | ----------- |
|  | |

## February 25
| Present | Absent |
| ------ | ----------- |
|  | |

## February 18
READING WEEK (Possible Remote Meeting)
## February 11
| Present | Absent |
| ------ | ----------- |
|  | |

## February 4
| Present | Absent |
| ------ | ----------- |
|  | |

## January 28
| Present | Absent |
| ------ | ----------- |
|  | |

## January 21
| Present | Absent |
| ------ | ----------- |
| Lindsey | |
Domenic | |
Trevor | |
| Emilia | |
| Jesse | |
| Sammi | |

RM ST 503B

Notetaker: Trevor

Time Keeper: Sammi

**Deadline for first draft of Requirements Document**

- Proposal to rotate notetaker and time keeper role for each meeting (2 min)
- Discuss details required for external interface requirements (Trevor 15 min)
- Discuss other sections and lingering questions--start with those that are most confident with what they have (30 min - 1 hour)
- Combine Document (or make action item known to everyone, time sensitive)
- Assign Reviewers to each section (time sensitive)
    - Initially:
        - Jesse + Emilia
        - Trevor + Dom
        - Lindsey + Sammi

**Whiteboard Picture about student submissions**

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/dGbqsDs.jpg" width="400" height="500">


### January 18 Scrum Update
| Team Member | Scrum Entry |
| ------ | ----------- |
| Lindsey | - Added a few things to the overall description <br> - looking into transferring ownership of repo |
| Domenic |- Revised Non-Functional Requirements |
| Trevor | - Finished work on External interfaces <br> - Have a few unanswered questions that need to be answered in Jan 21 meeting |
| Emilia | - Completed User Stories <br> - Note: Unable to update the Spec Doc as I only have Read Only access|
| Jesse | - Was quite sick, so not much done. <br> - Worked on System Features, much more involved then first thought. |
| Sammi |- continued editing Introduction section of document |


### January 16 Scrum Update
| Team Member | Scrum Entry |
| ------ | ----------- |
| Lindsey | - Asked Bockus questions re:last meeting, see notes below <br> - Looked into private repo owned by org, not possible, Considering other options <br> - Continuing work on requirements doc tomorrow|
| Domenic |- Created first draft on non-functional requirements for specifications document |
| Trevor | - Started working on External interfaces documentation |
| Emilia | - Did some work on the Use Cases <br> - Hoping to finish and get them up on the spec doc by Friday|
| Jesse | |
| Sammi |- Editing first draft of introduc(k)tion <br> - thanks for the cheese |

# January 14
| Present | Absent |
| ------ | ----------- |
| Lindsey | |
Domenic | |
Trevor | |
| Emilia | |
| Jesse | |
| Sammi | |

RM ST 503B

Notetaker: Sammi

Timekeeper: Lindsey (unofficial)

- Architecture Deliverable ([UML](https://github.com/onyiny-ang/chloroplasts/issues/2) Review) (15 min ?)- Domenic
- Requirements Specification sections (30 min+)
    - Each member of the group should talk about what they are planning to write for their section to get feedback from the group
- **Requirements Specification Deliverable - First Draft due January 23rd (tentative)**

- **Questions for Bockus:**
    - This is a working document, right? ie. the point is to have _something_ not something final. YES
    - Are bullet points ok/lists/point form? To a degree, can especially improve readability of document (numbering and using multilevel numbering 1.2, 1.3 etc.), autogenerate table of contents with subsections/embedded content
> [name=Trevor Vanderee] Were we going to mention something to bockus about our discussion i.e. rules on what needs to be stored/scrubbed? or are we discussing at the next meeting?
>


### January 11 Scrum Update
| Team Member | Scrum Entry |
| ------ | ----------- |
| Lindsey | - created issues and milestone for stage 1 and assigned group members <br> - created git workflow [WIP](https://github.com/onyiny-ang/chloroplasts/wiki/Github-Workflow-%5BWIP%5D) <br>  |
Domenic | |
Trevor | |
| Emilia | |
| Jesse | |
| Sammi | |

### January 9 Scrum Update
| Team Member | Scrum Entry |
| ------ | ----------- |
| Lindsey |  - Wrote up group expectations working document <br> - Booked library rooms for next 2 meetings <br> - updated notes on github |
Domenic |- Reviewed Requirements Specification Document <br> - Went through open issues on Github |
Trevor | - Reviewed project template <br> - Examined updated repo README |
| Emilia | - Reviewed project template <br> - Reviewed the notes on github|
| Jesse |- Reviewed project template <br> - Looked at GitHub stuff |
| Sammi |- Reviewed project template <br> - Cheese |

# January 7
| Present | Absent |
| ------ | ----------- |
| Lindsey | |
Domenic | |
Trevor | |
| Emilia | |
| Jesse | |
| Sammi | |

Pond inlet

- [Group Expectations](Group-Expectations.md) (2 hours)
    - Agree upon common goals/expectations for the project (workload, marks, availability)
    - Outline guidelines and responsbilities that we will hold each other to
    - Determine some effective ways to address issues
    [Group Expectation Document](guidelines.md)

~~- Details of program and establishing domain experts (15 min)
    - Language (C#, web based?)
    - Storage/Repo
    - Tools to parse and identify similar code
    - etc?~~

~~- Architecture Deliverable (UML or other Diagram of Tool): not especially urgent (20 min)~~

~~- Requirements Specification Deliverable: same as above with even less urgency (20 min)~~

